docs: added further documentation to the subscribing to events page (#5110)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/app-dev/subscribing-to-events-via-websocket.md

# Subscribing to events via Websocket

> Tendermint emits different events, to which you can subscribe to via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tendermint emits different events, which you can subscribe to via
```

[Websocket](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebSocket). This can be useful
for third-party applications (for analysis) or for inspecting state.

[List of events](https://godoc.org/github.com/tendermint/tendermint/types#pkg-constants)

> To open a websocket connection with a node, you can use a cli tool such as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to a node via websocket from the CLI, you can use a tool such as
```

[wscat](https://github.com/websockets/wscat) and run:

```
wscat ws://127.0.0.1:26657/websocket
```

> You can then subscribe to any of the events above by calling the `subscribe` RPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to any of the events above by calling the `subscribe` RPC
```
